DBZ-8358 Improve blocking snapshot signal description around case sensitivity (#5991)
debezium/debezium: documentation/modules/ROOT/partials/modules/all-connectors/con-connector-blocking-snapshot.adoc

You can set the following properties in the `data` component of a signal:

 * data-collections: to specify which {data-collection}s must be snapshot.

>    As for `table.include.list`, it is a comma-separated list of regular expressions that match fully-qualified {data-collection} identifiers.

Author: Don't know if in that case it is clear that `data-collections` act as the `table.include.list`. Am I wrong?

>    As for `table.include.list`, it is a comma-separated list of regular expressions that match fully-qualified {data-collection} identifiers.

Reviewer: That's a good point, what about this:
```suggestion
* data-collections: You specify which {data-collection}s that should be snapshot.
 ** This should be a comma-separated list of regular expressions that match fully-qualified {data-collection} names.
    It will be used in similar to `table.include.list`, allowing the blocking snapshot to snapshot one or multiple tables.
```

>    As for `table.include.list`, it is a comma-separated list of regular expressions that match fully-qualified {data-collection} identifiers.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* data-collections: Specifies the {data-collection}s that you want the snapshot to include.
 ** This property accepts a comma-separated list of regular expressions that match fully-qualified {data-collection} names.
The behavior of the property is similar to the behavior of the `table.include.list` property, which specifies the tables to capture in a blocking snapshot.
```
